#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backoff==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   favicon
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
blis==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   thinc
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
cloudpathlib==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   weasel
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click
    #   tqdm
    #   wasabi
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cymem==2.0.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
dotenv==0.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
en-core-web-sm @ https://github.com/explosion/spacy-models/releases/download/en_core_web_sm-3.8.0/en_core_web_sm-3.8.0-py3-none-any.whl#sha256=1932429db727d4bff3deed6b34cfc05df17794f4a52eeb26cf8928f7c1a0fb85
    # via -r requirements.in
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
faker==37.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-faker
favicon==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
filelock==3.18.0
    # via virtualenv
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fpdf==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.166.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.69.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.72.0rc1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
htbuilder==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-annotated-text
    #   streamlit-extras
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   spacy
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
langcodes==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
language-data==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langcodes
lxml==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   python-docx
marisa-trie==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   language-data
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdownlit==0.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-faker
murmurhash==1.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
narwhals==1.34.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   plotly
nltk==3.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==2.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blis
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   spacy
    #   streamlit
    #   thinc
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   spacy
    #   streamlit
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via virtualenv
plotly==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
preshed==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-extras
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   confection
    #   google-generativeai
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pymdown-extensions==10.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
pypdf2==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dotenv
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymdown-extensions
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   favicon
    #   google-api-core
    #   spacy
    #   streamlit
    #   weasel
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
smart-open==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   weasel
smmap==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitdb
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
srsly==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
st-annotated-text==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
st-theme==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
streamlit==1.44.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-theme
    #   streamlit-avatar
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-card
    #   streamlit-embedcode
    #   streamlit-extras
    #   streamlit-faker
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
    #   streamlit-lottie
    #   streamlit-toggle-switch
    #   streamlit-vertical-slider
streamlit-avatar==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
streamlit-camera-input-live==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
streamlit-card==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
streamlit-embedcode==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
streamlit-extras==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   streamlit-faker
streamlit-faker==0.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
streamlit-image-coordinates==0.1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
streamlit-keyup==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
streamlit-lottie==0.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-toggle-switch==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
streamlit-vertical-slider==2.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
thinc==8.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-generativeai
    #   nltk
    #   spacy
typer==0.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
typing-extensions==4.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   google-generativeai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-docx
    #   referencing
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   faker
    #   pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
validators==0.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
virtualenv==20.25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via -r requirements.in
weasel==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
webcolors==24.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wheel==0.41.3
    # via -r requirements.in
widgetsnbextension==4.0.11
    # via -r requirements.in
win32-setctime==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
